This new ROE page is - RoE135.2 Read-Only
Any unauthorized writing on this page constitutes a violation of the K135 Rules of Engagement(RoE).
The offending player will be subject to 10M silver plus tax cost for pardon, payable to the King of K135.
Continued and intentional violations will incur an Outlaw Decree being placed on the offender with immediate effect and attack from Royal Guards WITHOUT approval of King, Hand or Queen / Head of Royal Guards WITHOUT notice.
___ 

KINGDOM 135 - Separation of powers is the division of a state's ruling into branches, each with separate, independent powers and responsibilities, so that the powers of one branch are not in conflict with others. The typical division into three branches of ruling, sometimes called the trias politica model, includes a legislature, an executive, and a judiciary. Regulator for these power shall be the King's Council on major decisions and disputes. ALL the Authority representatives in Palace AND reigners of kingdom matters MUST adhere to code of conduct and have respect to each other. That includes Senators in Parliament too.

Role of King: 
 
King and Hand of King are both automatic members of the Royal Guard.
King shall appoint roles in the palace that give the kingdom fair representation. King may make his own selection for Queen, Hand of king. The other roles should be OUTSIDE of the his clan and represent the kingdom. Clans can't have more than 2 titles in the Palace at a time.
King should inform other palace members of their roles with kingdom and make sure they are fulfilled.
Shall appoint a Head of Royal Guards. -Centurion-
Shall appoint Chief of Police: DM Chief of Police -Archon-
Shall appoint a Supreme Judge. -Quaestator-
Shall have the final vote with various councils if there is a tie.

___ 
Role of Queen:
Shall be the heart of the Kingdom! The Queen can bring any code of conduct offenses before the king or courts for discipline. If the King is not available, Queen should govern in his place with counsel from the Hand. 
___
Role of Hand of the King:
Should have shared authority over Royal Guard. Hand of the king should try their best to position the kingdom as best as they can among world kingdoms. (Rather through alliances or military action)
Hand of the king can also step in for King and Queen If they are absent and the courts need a decision on outlaw status. 
___
Role of Centurion: Head of Royal Guards.
Has the authority to act forcefully if code for conduct is breached in Kings Council and ROE chat room.(Bad language)
Centurion can appoint/replace Royal Guards, in case they are unwilling/unable to serve or for bad conduct, with Kings approval.
___
Role of Archon: DM Chief of Police. Has the authority to take away forcefully dragon mounds/tar ruins from violators without Kings permission, and return it to it's rightful owner per 'DM 135' chatroom. The Archon implements the judgement and call on the Royal Guard for assistance IN CASE it's needed. 
___
Role of Quaestator: Supreme Judge of the Royal Court. Has the authority to release Outlaw Decrees and final decisions on cases in Royal Court.
Quaestator can appoint/replace Judges in Royal Court, in case they are unwilling/unable to serve or for bad conduct, with Kings approval.
___
Role of Treasurer: Has access to treasury and bonus activation and Tax collection from evaders. Is a Royal Guard too or previous King as well.
___



KING'S COUNCIL - Parliament
- Is constitued of 1 representative(clan leader/his delegate) from top10 most represented clans(most members) in top100 of CoT.
- Vote on RoE amends/changes, actions by or disputes between the King, Queen or Hand of King. 
- King, Queen and Hand dont have a vote, unless they are the only representative from their clan, which is eligible to participate in Council.
- Votes can pass with majority of votes out of the 10 leaders. Therefore, 6 votes YES needed for a succesfull vote.
- Leaders can vote with YES, NO, or Abstain( 0/null vote).
- After 6 Yes are present, vote is pass.
- No off-topics are allowed, no bad conduct too.

___
SENATE - Legislature branch

- The Senate is constitued of top100 players in CoT.
- The Senate is an institution where discussions about the kingdom are held, and suggestions are made. 
- The Senate is a place where kingdom issues will be discussed. Violations that diplomats cannot resolve will not be sent to the Senate, but to Diplomats->Supreme Court.
- The King, Queen and the Hand of the King listen to the discussions in the senate and forward requests regarding violations to the Court when necessary. 
- The king listens to the proposals of the senate regarding the problems of the kingdom. The decision regarding the proposals belongs to the king. 
- A support chat consisting of Senate members will be created. New players will be helped, and resources will be provided in this chat.
- The Senate floor is open to kingdom to observe but when members who are not senators disrupt the floor they can be removed with (recommended) punishments by king.

ROYAL GUARDS - Executive branch

- Royal guards serve as protectors of the kingdom. 
- They act with the approval of the king and the proposal of the court, but they attack with the permission of the King, Queen, Hand or the Supreme Judge. In emergencies when the court cannot meet, the K\Q\H may give orders alone. 
- Royal guards are the most powerful people in the kingdom and ensure that the laws are followed. However, they fulfill their duties based on trust and law, not just on power.
- The king must appoint a Leader among the Royal Guard. -Centurion-
___
COURT - Judicary branch

- The court meets under the chairmanship of the Supreme judge. 
- Disputes that diplomats cannot resolve will be resolved in court. (The King, Queen and Senators can also refer cases to the court)
- The court consists of the Supreme judge and 8 other judges. (Appointed by Supreme judge and King)
- The clan or clans that committed the violation in court will not have the right to vote. In the case of equality, the judge's decision will be valid. 
- Those who act against the rules of RoE and do not pay compensation despite the court's decision are considered outlaws with the proposal of the court and the approval of the king. After 24 hrs.

Disputes:
- When there is a dispute between players, they must settle it amicably and keep all evidence in the event of failure.
- Unresolved disputes are transmitted to the clan diplomats who must, once again, seek an amicable agreement and keep all evidence in event of failure.
- If one or all parties are clanless, a judge will be asked to implement article 12.1
- If negotiations fail between diplomats, the aggrieved diplomat will refer the matter to the Supreme Court of Justice by sending supporting reports.
- The Supreme Court of Justice can only be seized by the King/Queen, a member of Supreme court(judge), a clan leader or a diplomat.
- To calculate compensation, a compensation calculator will be used.

COMPENSATION
 – Link - https://bit.ly/3EWUatB 
10.1. For Dragon Hills and Tar Source; 3 million silver + calculator. 
10.2. Illegal attack on the portal: Calculator compensation (+1 Million silver if resource loss results in portal closure).
10.3. For unfair castle attacks:  Calculator Compensation (https://bit.ly/3EWUatB)
10.4. Compensation must be paid by the clan members or the attacker; the attacker's departure from the clan does not eliminate the compensation obligation. The clan will be responsible for compensation even if the attacker is kicked out of the clan. (Clan is allowed to attack ex member to help cover cost of compensation) * Mines can be used for Compensation ONLY if agreed upon by both parties.
1-3 Can be negotiated between clans by diplomats instead of using calculator
Each diplomat should know how to use the kingdom calculator. https://bit.ly/3EWUatB

___



1.CLANS & RESOURCES

1.1) Each Clan must have a Leader and Diplomat positions. The Clan Description must include the phrase "We follow RoE135.2 Read-Only" and the names of the previously mentioned positions listed.
1.2) The Resources on Clan Territory + 5 tiles outside of it belong to the Clan. This includes Quarries, Villages, Sawmills, Mines, Farmer Houses, Gold Mines, Dragon Mounds, Wellspring Ruins AND player-created villages. If you harvest these Resources on opposing Clan Territory, they can be taken back without warning. You must also repay harvested resources. Any clan territory that overlaps is on a first come, first serve basis and is shared between those two clans. To register Resources outside the Clan Territory, enter the type of Resource and coordinates in the K135 THIS IS MINE chat. 
1.3) ONLY Players under level 10 CAPITOL are protected as long as they don't break any laws; once they break laws while being clan less, being in a CGC or in a non-roe clan, they lose roe protection as well and can be scouted 2 times and attacked 2 times
1.4) Attacks on Clan Territories (Forts, Temples, Foundries, etc) and clan marches are illegal, unless on OUTLAW Clans. Attackers are subject to court decision for outlaw status. If your Clan Territories are attacked - this does NOT justify retaliation on the attacking Clans Territories. Notify Court.
1.5) Clan responsibility to make sure members know chats for registration: 'DM K135 ' and 'Tare K135 '(space at the end of each) and 'RSS - K135 THIS MINE'

CLANLESS

1.7) Computer Generated Clans (CGC) and clanless players are not protected by RoE K135.
1.8) Clans that don't have "We follow RoE135.2 Read-Only" in the clan description are also not protected by RoE135.
1.9) This doesn't necessarily outlaw them, but it does mean other players can do 2 scouting and 2 attacks on them per person per 24 hours.
There are no limits on OUTLAW attacks.
___ 

TAR/DM

1.10) Dragon mounds must be registered in the DM K135 group, and tar must be registered in the Tare k135 group. Unregistered resources are vulnerable to legal attacks from the aggrieved clan members, Police Chief, Royal Guards, King, Queen or Hand.
1.11) Each player is entitled to 1 dragon mound and 1 tar source per day. 
1.12) Each clan is entitled to 10 registrations per day for each TAR and DM. 
1.13) A player can give their DM or wellspring to another player, as long as the new player registers it and neither breaches the 'per day' rule.
1.14) If the 'per-day' is violated 3 times, the player's right to access official resources will be terminated for 10 days.
1.15) Registered mounds and mines should never be attacked. 3 million silver, corresponding to 1k gold lost as a result of the attack, is subject to compensation. 
1.16) In case of non-compliance with Dragon mounds and Wellspring Ruins rules, compensation will be applied. Players who do not pay compensation will be referred to the court, and sanctions will be imposed with the advice of the court and the approval of the king.
___

2.TAXES 

2.1) These are gold ingots paid daily to the Kingdom Treasury, so that the King/Queen/Hand/Treasurer can purchase bonus for the whole kingdom.
Taxes must be paid regularly.  The Tax Collector’s job to ensure taxes are paid with help of the Royal Guard.
If gold bars are not paid, the Royal Guard may attack to collect these taxes.
2.2) The maximum gold bars allowed to be held are as follows:

•up to 19 level - 25k ingots
•20 or above    - 40k ingots

2.3)There will be 24hr notice before Tax Collector from Royal Guards forcefully take away the ingots from tax evaders.
To pay taxes go to your Capitol, click on 'Taxes' and send all of the ingots to kingdom treasury.
___

3.OUTLAWS

3.1) Outlaw status is granted by the court's proposal. Approved by King, Queen or Hand of King. Once approved, the Outlaw Decree and Status will be released in Kingdom and Outlaw chat by member of the Royal Court. ALL clan recruiters are obliged to review the Outlaw list before accepting new members to avoid harboring of Outlaws and risk the clan being outlawed too. Outlaws Chat is called 'K135 Outlaws'
3.2) Until they step out of their outlaw status, outlaws are always vulnerable, regardless of their power level and/or type. 
3.3) Outlaws have no right to any resources. They can be evicted from it.
3.4) A clan that keeps an outlaw player will result in the leader and all superiors designated as outlaws within 24 hours of notification from any Authorities, and notify innocent members to leave this clan 48 hours before declaring WHOLE clan as outlaws. No one can attack innocent members before the 3-day period notice expires and Outlaw Decree for WHOLE clan.
3.5) If by then, 24 hours pass and no action is taken to remove the outlaw, WHOLE clan will be declared as outlaws and subject to attacks from everyone.
3.6) Illegal issues will only be canceled in case of errors or the amount of compensation. The King alone has the authority to cancel/remove illegal transactions. (Pardon)
___



___
4.PEACETIME
Attacks during peacetime, which is any time except during Clash of Throne(CoT), are not tolerated, unless attacking outlaws. Diplomacy before attacks.
4.1) In peacetime, the development of our kingdom and the support of new players is the most important issue. All relevant senators should support the K135 HELP group.
4.2) Do not take an aggressive attitude in peacetime. Be patient with new players. Don't back attack new players who are way below your strength just because they made a mistake.
4.3) In peacetime, all portals within 5 tiles that do not disturb a clan territory are protected.
4.4) When there is a disagreement with a player, it should first be resolved through diplomatic means. The priority is for the parties to agree on compensation; a retaliatory attack can only be carried out once if agreed upon by DIPLOMATS or COURTS.
4.5) It is forbidden to attack mounds and tar sources that are registered and comply with the rules.
4.6) Clans that do not comply with the ROE K135.2 should be warned. If they explicitly reject ROE, the clan and its players can be deemed outlaws.
4.7) DIPLOMACY SHOULD ALWAYS HAPPEN FIRST BEFORE ANY ATTACK HAPPENS FOR ALL ATTACKS.  ATTACKS THAT HAPPEN WITHOUT ATTEMEPT OF DIPLOMACY FROM COURTS, DIPLOMAT, PALACE, or ATTACKER ARE ILLEGAL (unless CoT or outlaw)

5.COT (Clash of Throne)
5.1) During 2 days of CoT, no attacking period(NAP = peacetime) for 1 hour before and after the reset, in order to focus on relevant events outside of CoT - Tinman/Shadow. No attacking between clans! Reset between the two CoT days stacks 2-hour NAP, before + after reset.
5.2) During the Clash of Thrones event, you cannot attack players weaker than 50% of your strength at all times. Those in the top 100 of CoT rankings can attack EACH OTHER without might restriction on the Second Day of CoT.
5.3) Players with a Capitol level 10 and below are protected at all times! Attacking them is always prohibited. 
5.4) Clan buildings should NEVER be attacked. (Risk of being outlawed)
5.6) You can only attack the same player twice in a 12-hour period. You can send a scout/spy once in a 12-hour period.
5.7) Clan portals inside clan territory and event portals are PROTECTED.
5.8) Report erroneous attacks during the COT period to the K135 COT VIOLATİONS chat. The Quaestator(Supreme Judge) and other judges will evaluate these attacks and impose the necessary punishments.
5.9) It is allowed to use reinforcements to attack hostile portals around the clan territory or outlaws.  
5.10) It is forbidden to attack mines, gold mounds, resource residues. There will be very serious sanctions regarding this.
5.11) Portal attacks DO NOT count as player attacks
5.12) Clans that do not comply with ROE or Clanless are vulnerable to attack, as there are no COT rules for them. However, players with Capitol lower than level 10 are still protected.
___ 

PORTALS

6.1) Portals on Clan Territory are protected. Clan borders plus an additional 5 tiles are considered clan Territory. No attacks allowed.
6.2) Portals opened to harvest Dragon Mines and Wellspring Ruins are protected in peacetime and COT as long as they are not used for attacks.
6.3) In peacetime, Portals outside the Clan Territory are protected. However, they must be 5 tiles away from another Clan's Territory (excluding Event Portals). The 5-tile rule does not apply for Caravans (compensation or sending resources). However, these should be reported to the Clan Leader or diplomat to avoid confusion.
6.4) Event portals are protected in peacetime and COT. (as long as the event timer is still going)
6.5) Portals can be reinforced/bunkered.
___



___
This new ROE page is - RoE135.2 Read-Only
